README.md, before:

RAG vs GraphRAG
    The main difference between traditional RAGs (Vector Databases) and GraphRAGs are the representation of data and how the LLM understands each approach. In RAG, a similarity score is set to identify content that may or may not be related to the query being asked. On the other hand, GraphRAGs preserve relations which allows for more complex usecases which may involve structured knowledge along with intricate relationships.
What makes a GraphRAG work?
    - Quality of Data
        Data that is given to the Generation Model needs to be organized in a way that is easy for the LLM to understand. Convoluded and unformatted documents may cause the LLM to have difficulties in parsing and creating Node Schemas for insertion into the Graph model.
    - Generation Model
        This is the most important aspect of GraphRAGs. Utilizing a LLM to convert documents into Nodes to insert into GraphRAG models. There are a few aspects to consider when generating Nodes.
            1. Are the Relations + Types representative of the data?
                - Oftentimes, LLMs generate queries and nodes that are considered "trash" as they either contribute little to the overall dataset (loosely connected) or don't make the connection to other nodes that you'd expect to have connected.
            2. How are you chunking + overlapping the document?
                - In order to not use up all the tokens, it's necessary for you to chunk the text up so the LLM can provide you with the node schemas. However by chunking the document, you expose the GraphRAG to potential issues such as Ambiguiation where 2 nodes are created off of the same Concept/Entity. Ways to solve this ambiguity includes a second pass of the documents by an LLM, larger chunks, LLM with larger parameters, etc.
            3. LLM Restrictions
Shortcomings of GraphRAG approach
    - Query-Focused Summarization
        When asked a "global" question such as "What are the main themes/ideas in the dataset?", the GraphRAG approach would break down as it is not capable of querying the entire graphset. Every other RAG approach also fails to handle such as task. Although there are ways to remedy this shortfall, it is good to keep in mind that a general querying service is not what RAG and GraphRAG are meant to handle. 
    - 
Remedies to the GraphRAG deficiencies
    There are some proposed ways to remedy the defects that GraphRAG presents. The most notable one being a hybrid search combining both RAG and GraphRAG methodologies. By either starting off with a Vector DB or a Graph DB and extending to the other, a multi-faceted approach to RAG could be achieved with varying performance. The most common combination of HybridRAG would be Vector + Graphs.

Commit message:

doc: Additional info on GraphRAG factors for making it good

README.md, after:

RAG vs GraphRAG
    The main difference between traditional RAGs (Vector Databases) and GraphRAGs are the representation of data and how the LLM understands each approach. In RAG, a similarity score is set to identify content that may or may not be related to the query being asked. On the other hand, GraphRAGs preserve relations which allows for more complex usecases which may involve structured knowledge along with intricate relationships.
What makes a GraphRAG work?
    - Quality of Data
        Data that is given to the Generation Model needs to be organized in a way that is easy for the LLM to understand. Convoluded and unformatted documents may cause the LLM to have difficulties in parsing and creating Node Schemas for insertion into the Graph model.
    - Generation Model
        This is the most important aspect of GraphRAGs. Utilizing a LLM to convert documents into Nodes to insert into GraphRAG models. There are a few aspects to consider when generating Nodes.
            1. Are the Relations + Types representative of the data?
                - Oftentimes, LLMs generate queries and nodes that are considered "trash" as they either contribute little to the overall dataset (loosely connected) or don't make the connection to other nodes that you'd expect to have connected.
            2. How are you chunking + overlapping the document?
                - In order to not use up all the tokens, it's necessary for you to chunk the text up so the LLM can provide you with the node schemas. However by chunking the document, you expose the GraphRAG to potential issues such as Ambiguiation where 2 nodes are created off of the same Concept/Entity. Ways to solve this ambiguity includes a second pass of the documents by an LLM, larger chunks, LLM with larger parameters, etc.
            3. LLM Restrictions
What makes a Graph good?
    1. Ambiguity Handling
        As mentioned before, there needs to be a way to disambiguate similar objects. A second pass of a LLM model could be beneficial to combine redundant nodes.
    2. Error Handling
        Many times, erroneous query entries could be generated by LLMs. The lower parameters that LLM contains, the more common errors may become. Therefore higher resolution LLMs or multiple LLM passes may be necessary to ensure cleanliness of queries.
    3. Error Generation
    4. Multiple LLM Passes

Shortcomings of GraphRAG approach
    - Query-Focused Summarization
        When asked a "global" question such as "What are the main themes/ideas in the dataset?", the GraphRAG approach would break down as it is not capable of querying the entire graphset. Every other RAG approach also fails to handle such as task. Although there are ways to remedy this shortfall, it is good to keep in mind that a general querying service is not what RAG and GraphRAG are meant to handle. 
    - 
Remedies to the GraphRAG deficiencies
    There are some proposed ways to remedy the defects that GraphRAG presents. The most notable one being a hybrid search combining both RAG and GraphRAG methodologies. By either starting off with a Vector DB or a Graph DB and extending to the other, a multi-faceted approach to RAG could be achieved with varying performance. The most common combination of HybridRAG would be Vector + Graphs.
